[Saul] Get back! Get back!
[firefighter]
The World Trade Center,
Tower Number One is on fire.
[Carrie] I missed something
once before, I won't...
I can't let that happen again.
An American prisoner
of war has been turned.
You're a disgrace
to your nation,
Sgt. Nicholas Brody.
You're a traitor
and a terrorist,
and now it's time
to pay for that.
Are you accusing me
of something?
[Yevgeny] You really
do not remember?
[Carrie] Remember what?
[Jim] We may be dealing
with a compromised
officer here.
[Saul] You had a relationship
complicated enough
to lie about.
[Carrie] Yeah,
it's complicated.
I lost seven months of my life.
...to my Russian handler?
[Joe]
Is our strategy working?
And you will become
the focus of an investigation
that will define
the rest of your life.
[Carrie] That not every
problem in the Middle East
deserves a military solution.
Because this whole country
went stupid crazy after 9/11.
[Saul] Carrie,
you're not yourself.
[Carrie] I'm still putting
the pieces together.
[Saul] Please, God,
tell me you have it.
[Quinn] Is there no
fucking line?
[Saul] I believe you.
No one else will.
[indistinct chatter]
[engine revving]
[tires screech]
[indistinct chatter]
Are you okay?
-What is going--
-[shushes]
What happened?
It's something I heard.
[breathing heavily]
I have to write it down
before I forget.
What is it?
-Evidence.
-Of what?
It's better you don't know.
Drink.
Thank you.
Can you get me onto
Bagram Airfield?
[Arman] Of course. Why?
There's someone
there I need to talk to.
[engine starts]
[Carrie] How soon
can you be there?
[Arman] Six hours,
if we're lucky at the border.
That's the official response
of your government?
Mr. President I assure you,
Pakistan stands
shoulder to shoulder
with the United States
in seeking justice for
the death of President Warner.
I thought I was clear,
"Give us Jalal Haqqani,
or we will get him ourselves."
-Sir, we don't know
where he is.
-[sputters]
Sure you do!
He's in the goddamn Khyb...
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
Your prime minister
told me that himself.
Mr. President, his point about
the Khyber was not that
Jalal is there.
It was that the area is huge.
100,000 sq.kms.
-A hundred thousand?
-[Rashad] Yes.
And your army is, uh, what,
a million men?
Less.
Let's...
Let's call it 999,000.
How about you take
some of them and look?
How about they
get off their asses,
try to find him?
Or are they too busy
to find Jalal because
they're doing this?
Deploying mobile missile
launchers on the border?
Tactical nukes pointed
at our men in Jalalabad.
Well?
Mr. President,
you left us no choice.
Of course we did.
Not when you threaten
to invade our country.
No, we said, "Give us Jalal."
One man.
Your response was to target
20,000 US troops.
You say you have no choice.
We have no choice.
Now, I don't know
how much clearer
I can make this.
Mr. President...
if your troops
cross our border,
we will defend ourselves
with everything in our arsenal.
[Wellington] Mr. Ambassador.
What are they thinking?
Just what you heard.
Do they want us
to launch our missiles?
I don't believe so, no.
Well, that's what will happen.
Our generals won't back down.
They can't.
-I know.
-It's our country.
Which that man, Zabel,
has been gunning
for since 9/11.
Sir, I don't think it helps
to look at it that way.
But it's true.
It's also true...
that our president is dead.
The man who says he did it
is hiding out in your country,
and your official response
is there's nothing
you can do about it.
And while we're here
debating that,
there are two armies
practically staring
at each other
across your border.
We are this close to oblivion.
No one's backing down
on either side.
-We have to accept that.
-What are you suggesting?
That we reframe the discussion.
A show of good faith
right now from you
would go a long way
toward promoting a dialogue
-much better than the one
we just had.
-[Rashad breathing heavily]
[exhales]
I'm listening.
We have a half dozen
special operators
sitting in a prison near Kohat.
What were they doing
in our country?
I'm asking you to ignore that
for the time being
and focus on their release,
which will give me
the ammunition I need
to encourage a more moderate
tone in the Oval Office.
[exhales]
Mr. Ambassador...
we have a bona fide
crisis here.
No one's acted yet,
but this...
This can all fall apart
in a hurry.
I'll see what I can do.
Thank you.
[door opens, closes]
[speaking Pashto]
Clean it up, everything.
Let's go.
Good news.
Pakistan has held firm.
They said if the Americas
come for me,
they'll treat it
as an act of war.
So what do I do now?
Advise me.
Like you did my father.
Do what you're doing,
gather men and weapons.
And stay out of sight.
Hide.
This is your advice...
to the man who shot down
the American President.
[scoffs]
That's only what you made
people believe.
And as a result,
there are 20,000 more American
troops in Afghanistan.
20,000 more
targets.
All focused on Pakistan,
the last thing they'd expect
would be an attack from us.
An attack will bring
even more Americans.
I understand
you're afraid to fight.
I was fighting the Americans
when you were sucking
on your mother's tit in Quetta.
I'm not afraid.
But I'm not stupid.
Find me a target.
Americans.
[chattering indistinctly]
[Arman in English]
We're on the base,
but this is as far as I can go.
[helicopter hovering]
How close is Hangar-23?
We're here.
Is that where the President's
helicopter took off?
Yeah.
Meet me back here
in 15 minutes.
[sighs]
[engine starts]
[man 1] I'll check
on the rotors.
[indistinct conversation]
[man 2] Still working
on that swashplate?
[indistinct conversation]
-Oh, shit. Who let you in here?
-I've got something
to show you.
Not interested.
Where's your security badge?
-You need to look at this.
-Seriously, how'd you
get in here?
-Look, I know I messed you up.
-Messed me up?
You got me demoted.
I was trying to find out
how the president's
helicopter went down.
-Now I know.
-Are you gonna leave?
Or do I have you removed?
-"Chip light engine two."
-[Worley] Hello.
-"Fire light, lever pulled."
-[Worley] Security please.
-"Dropping collective.
Descending blind."
-[Worley] Worley, Hangar-23.
"Low altitude warning.
Fair out. Brace for impact."
Sorry, false alarm.
It's "flair out" with an "L."
It's supposed to happen
right before you land.
What is this?
I found the voice recorder from
the President's helicopter.
-"Chip light."
-What's that?
It means there's metal
in the engine oil that's not
supposed to be there.
You set down immediately.
They're in the mountains.
Right, so they turn back
towards their departure point,
COP Steedley.
-"Fire."
-What's the lever?
It's the pull bar
for the extinguisher,
but at that point,
they're engine out.
-Crashing.
-No.
Not yet. It's...
"Dropping collective.
Autorotate."
A controlled descent
to begin with,
but nowhere to land.
Why didn't they call in,
tell everyone what
was happening?
It's aviate, navigate,
communicate.
They never got past step one.
I put him on that helicopter.
[beeping]
Carrie, I've been worried sick.
Where the hell are you?
Bagram Airfield.
I just ran a transcript
of the voice recorder
past the chief mechanic here.
He confirmed.
The President's helicopter
was not shot down.
[sighing]
-What was it?
-[Carrie] Mechanical failure.
I'm not sure what exactly,
a turbine blade maybe.
High altitude, fully loaded.
He guesses they were
doing 130 knots to maintain
rotor speed when they hit.
-An accident.
-Yeah. [exhales]
We need to get you
and that flight recorder
back to D.C. right away.
I don't have it.
You just said...
[Carrie] Well, I had it.
-Yevgeny stole it from me.
-Then what's this transcript?
[Carrie] Well, I wrote
it myself from what I heard
on the voice recorder.
-What you heard?
-[Carrie] Yeah.
So we've got nothing?
[exhales]
I heard it.
I fucking heard the black box,
and they have it now,
the Russians do, 100%.
Don't tell me that's nothing.
Do not tell me that!
You've got zero credibility,
Carrie.
Right now you're somewhere
between a rogue agent
and a national security threat.
All right, then you know what?
You do something.
[sighs]
Go to the Russians.
Ask what they want
to give it back.
[Saul] Okay.
Okay, what?
I'll talk to the Russians.
But it's time
to turn yourself in.
Are you okay?
-Not really.
-We done?
No.
[engine revving]
[indistinct chatter]
[Dunne] Guess who just made
an appearance
at Bagram this morning?
Carrie Mathison.
Apparently she snuck
onto the base,
which is not exactly reassuring
given we're in the middle
of a national security crisis.
So what was she after?
Huh?
What was she doing at Bagram?
She's back in Kabul
is the point.
We need to find her.
She should be here
answering questions
about the President's
helicopter and her
Russian buddy,
and how the Special Ops team
we sent after her
ended up in a Paki jail.
-[Jenna] That was her?
-Who else could it have been?
It's time to get her
back in custody.
[indistinct chatter]
-Right?
-Yeah.
-Put a team together.
-I'll see who's available.
[indistinct conversation]
[Saul] Ambassador.
Thanks for meeting me
on such short notice.
-You made it sound so urgent.
-[Saul] It is.
I assume you've seen
the satellite images.
Tactical nukes along the border
targeting our troops.
Pakistan.
A strike,
even a single warhead...
[exhales] would provoke
an overwhelming US response.
Well, I'm happy to say
it has nothing to do with us.
Actually, it might.
Remember Carrie Mathison?
She's been on
a road trip through
the tribal areas lately.
With Yevgeny Gromov.
-But he was told to
stay away from her.
-So was she.
-And we agreed.
-We did, yeah. Didn't happen.
What were they doing?
They were looking
for something.
Flight recorder
from the President's helicopter
that went down a week ago.
And they found it.
It shows that
what's happening now,
this movement toward war...
it's all based on a lie.
Jalal Haqqani claims
he shot the helicopter down.
He didn't.
It was mechanical failure.
An accident.
You really didn't know?
How would I?
Because Yevgeny
took the flight recorder,
stole it from Carrie,
meaning your government
is now in possession.
-You say this--
-'Cause it's true.
Someone in your government
has the black box.
There must be
some price to get it back.
I'm asking, what is it?
Find out, let me know.
[sighs]
[sighs deeply]
You really need that?
Hopefully not.
[Arman] Who is in there?
[Carrie] I'm guessing nobody.
Maybe this Russian...
who dumped me in that town
where you picked me up.
This is where he stays.
He's probably back
in Moscow though, thinking
how to fuck me over even more.
[scoffs]
Keep an eye out, okay?
[indistinct chatter]
[door creaking]
[Carrie] I knew he wouldn't
actually be there,
but I thought
there'd be something, some...
Some clue what to do next,
not just a bare room.
So what now?
I don't know that either.
[sighs]
I've dug this gigantic hole,
and I... I can't...
I can't quite see a way out.
Just a couple days ago,
there was this moment
[chuckles]
and you know
what I was thinking?
I did it.
I won.
-[phone ringing]
-[beeps]
-Viktor.
-[Viktor] Saul.
That was fast. Thank you.
[Viktor] Don't thank me yet.
I ran your request
past some people here
at the embassy,
and no one had heard
of this flight recorder.
You have to ask Moscow.
[Viktor] I did.
At the very highest levels.
You are,
what do they say, uh...
barking up the wrong tree.
[chuckling] Viktor,
I apologize.
I need you to help me
read between the lines here.
Nothing between
the lines, Saul.
There's gotta be.
I know Yevgeny Gromov
took the flight recorder.
Who told you that?
Carrie Mathison.
It doesn't matter who told me.
It's a fact.
So either Yevgeny
still has it--
-He doesn't.
-Then your government does.
Not true.
Either way,
there must be a price.
There must be.
Viktor...
we're talking about
a nuclear exchange.
I know.
Your country will be
drawn into whatever
conflict breaks out.
This cannot be your answer.
[breathing heavily]
What did they say?
Saul, I've done what I can.
In Moscow,
what were their exact words?
"We have what we want."
-[indistinct shouting]
-[horns honking]
Hey!
[speaking Pashto]
What are you doing?
Out of the road!
[horns honking]
[in English]
Idiot. [chuckling] Not you.
-[men shouting]
-[Carrie gasps]
[speaking Pashto]
Don't move.
[indistinct conversation]
[grunting]
[man in English] Enough!
[panting]
Back off.
Apologies for the ambush.
Yeah, you've done worse.
That wasn't personal.
You took something from me.
I want it back.
The flight recorder.
What's it gonna cost?
Saul Berenson
asked that exact thing.
And what did you tell him?
We told him that there
is no price because
for him there isn't.
But for you,
there may be a way.
[breath trembling]
Meaning what?
Saul is running an agent
inside the Kremlin.
That person has been
sending him information
for decades. Not a river.
A drop at a time. Now...
-Now--
-But wait.
The secrets that
could only have come
-from someone
at the highest level.
-No, it's not true.
It is.
There is no such person.
Believe me, I would know.
After all of these years,
I would have had
some indication.
It's just a story.
Saul probably made up himself.
[Yevgeny] That's what he wants
you to believe...
but there is no other
explanation for the damages
done to my country.
The identity of that agent
is the only thing
worth more to my country
than watching the United States
self-destruct on
the Pakistan border.
[breath trembling]
-Look, even if this
person did exist--
-They do.
Saul is not gonna give him up.
Not to me, not to anybody.
That is his one commandment,
you never give up an asset.
I know that.
-So there's nothing I can do.
-You have to find him yourself.
No, you are not hearing me.
It's not possible.
Nobody's saying
it will be easy.
Yevgeny, please,
I can do anything else.
I can't betray Saul.
From what I've seen...
you can do just about anything.
[sighing]
[speaking Pashto]
Take it.
Over there.
Faster!
Hurry up!
Shoot!
[vehicle approaching]
Reload this.
Well?
I found a target.
Americans?
Where? Pakistan? Afghanistan?
The border.
[chuckles]
Good.
[indistinct chatter]
What do you need?
Explosives.
Men to place and I.E.D.
Why not use a driver?
Why kill one of our own when
we can just kill the enemy?
Because it's a statement.
That we're not afraid to die.
[gun cocking]
[gun firing]
You prepare the vehicle.
I will find the driver.
You know what this will mean,
if we kill Americans?
It will mean more endless war.
Yes, you've said.
And I know why
my father gave up.
Because he had your
scared little voice in his ear.
Prepare the car.
[scoffs]
-[Saul] Carrie.
-[Carrie in English] Yeah.
-Where are you?
-[Carrie] Doing what you said.
I'm turning myself
into the station.
So did you
talk to the Russians?
I spoke to Ambassador Makarov
like you asked.
-He spoke to the Kremlin.
-Any luck?
They said they don't know
anything about a black box.
They said, "How can there
be a price for something
they don't have?"
I know they're lying.
They have it
and they're keeping it.
I can't figure out why.
Carrie...
think.
[voice shaking] Yevgeny
say anything?
No, he stole the box
and stuck a needle in my neck.
[sighs]
I found it, Saul.
The truth.
[sighs] I know.
But the truth isn't much good
if no one will listen.
Don't do this.
Don't turn yourself in.
I don't see another way.
You said it yourself,
you can end up years in prison.
There must be something.
I can get you out of here,
to Dubai.
I have places there.
You can hide.
-I can't.
-Just till this blows over.
[sighs wearily]
I wish, I could.
I mean, you have no idea.
But this isn't gonna blow over.
In fact, it's gonna get
much, much worse.
What happened to you
with those people?
What did they do to you?
They made me an offer.
Knowing I'd have to accept.
Thank you, Arman. Thank you.
You've been such a friend.
[indistinct chatter]
-Stop right there.
-I'm Carrie Mathison.
I'm wanted by the FBI.
I'm turning myself in.
[man 1] Sergeant, go ahead.
Pat her down.
[man 2 over radio] How many
are out there now?
[man 3] Copy.
One single female's all I got.
Clear.
Listen up!
Just heard from State.
As a goodwill gesture,
the Pakistanis are releasing
our Special Ops team.
They'll be bussed
to the border at Angoor Adda.
A Marine Corps chopper
will then ferry them
back to Kabul.
So some good news. Finally.
Now back to work.
[all applauding]
[indistinct chatter]
Mike. I wanna meet
the team at the border.
-Why?
-What do you mean "why"?
They're our guys.
I need you here.
Someone from this station
should supervise the handover,
make sure they haven't
been mistreated.
Plus, maybe get to
the bottom of how they
were taken in the first place.
Okay, knock yourself out.
[exhaling] You're not
gonna believe this.
Carrie Mathison
just turned up
at the front gate.
All clean.
[digital beeping]
[indistinct chatter]
Interrogation one.
[speaking Pashto]
Why are my sons here?
Where's my wife?
Preparing food for the men,
like a good woman.
Why are they here?
Papa! Papa!
Papa! Papa! [screaming]
Papa!
[panting, grunting]
[speaking Pashto]
Do you want to know
why they're here?
To make you obey my orders.
I do obey.
But you don't agree.
The men see that,
it undermines me.
What has my family
got to do with this?
Let me see them.
Is the car ready?
Yes.
Good.
I've found the driver.
Yes.
I'm not doing it.
Then you'll die anyway.
But first you'll watch me
kill your wife and sons.
[grunting]
Fatima, Qasim,
Mohammad...
I hear Mohammad
wants to be an engineer.
Don't hurt them!
They're the family of a coward
who wouldn't obey orders.
My father would do the same.
But if you drive the car,
then you will die a martyr.
The family of a martyr
will be taken care of.
They will be treated
with honor.
Give me your word.
In front of these men,
give me your word.
[breathing heavily]
[door beeps]
[door closes]
[clicks]
[in English]
What are you doing here?
I heard people
were looking for me.
They've been looking
for a week.
Why now?
You should know,
the Special Ops team
you got captured in
Kohat is being freed.
Washington arranged it.
Pakistanis are handing
them over.
These are the guys
you tricked me into
giving up, remember?
-All that bullshit about
a black box.
-It wasn't bullshit.
[Jenna] It's all bullshit.
Everything you say.
And maybe betraying
your own side
doesn't matter to you,
maybe you're that far gone,
but it does to me.
[scoffs]
-Just say it.
-[Jenna] What?
What you came in here to ask.
You gonna give me up?
Because I was
stupid enough to tell you
where the safehouse was?
No, I won't.
How can I be sure?
Because I just promised you.
Now go.
If the FBI finds you
talking to a Russian spy,
you might get in real trouble.
[clicks]
-[door opens]
-[Carrie sighs]
[beeps]
Carrie. Vanessa Kroll.
We talked before.
We're on the record.
I'm Assistant Director
Vanessa Kroll.
Also present is Special Agent
Ray Auerbach, and...
-Carrie Mathison.
-[Vanessa] Thank you.
-[beeps]
-[door opens]
-I miss anything?
-[Jenna] Just getting going.
[Vanessa] There's a lot
of new material
since we talked last,
a lot of it disconcerting.
I'm dying to hear.
For example,
you told me you learned
about the President's visit
on the morning
of his arrival in Kabul.
But I found out later that
you actually suggested
the trip to him
three days before.
Those statements
aren't contradictory.
You understand that, right?
I suggested he come here.
I didn't know he was doing it.
-I'm just noting the fact.
-It doesn't sound like that.
It sounds like you believe
I had something to do
with the President's helicopter
going down.
Did you?
You mean did I pass
information about
Warner's trip to the Russians,
who passed it to the Taliban,
who were in position
to shoot down his helicopter?
-That's right.
-What do you think?
You had a meeting with
Yevgeny Gromov just
before the president arrived.
As agreed
with the station chief.
True. Less true is what
you told your station chief
about the meeting.
You said you were
recruiting Gromov,
but the surveillance tape
shows that Gromov
had already recruited you,
-[inhales]
-in fact already had
a relationship
of troubling intimacy with you,
and when you were
confronted with it,
you agreed to return
to the United States
and then evaded your escort
and disappeared.
Security cameras show
you disappeared with Gromov.
Obviously, you were
communicating with him
without the knowledge
of your CIA colleagues.
Could I say something?
-Sure.
-Okay, because you're laboring
under a serious
misconception here.
You say my CIA colleagues,
"my" station chief,
as if I worked for the CIA,
as if you or anyone
in this building gets a say
in how, or where,
or with whom I spend my time.
I do get a say when
you're providing aid
and comfort to the enemy.
If you're talking
about Yevgeny Gromov,
it's more like he provided
aid and comfort to me.
I am not a CIA employee.
I am a US citizen
under the protection of the
National Security Advisor.
-[Vanessa] Really?
-Yeah.
And I would like a lawyer.
[Vanessa] Fine.
Then you're under arrest,
and we're taking you back
to the States. Would you?
What is she doing?
Getting arrested.
Look at her though,
it's like she wants
to be sent back.
Weren't you heading out
to the border or something?
[knock on door]
Yes?
Carrie just turned herself in
to Kabul station.
The FBI are putting her
on a plane back
here under arrest.
She's invoking your protection.
Can I be frank?
Things are deteriorating
for you fast enough here
without Carrie Mathison
claiming that
whatever trouble she's
gotten herself into
was on your behalf.
You gotta keep a wall there.
-You're probably right.
-[Wellington] I am.
Want to know
what she's been up to?
You know she was
looking for the black box
from President
Warner's helicopter.
Well, she found it.
She listened
to the voice recorder.
It's crystal clear.
The helicopter
wasn't shot down.
It crashed because
of mechanical failure.
Why haven't you told anyone?
[scoffs]
'Cause the flight recorder
was taken from her
by a Russian agent.
So we just have her word.
[Saul sighs]
No.
[sighing] I spoke to
Ambassador Makarov.
Yeah, and what did he say?
Officially, they don't have it.
Unofficially, they're
not giving it back.
[exhales]
Look...
we bought ourselves
some goodwill
getting the Special Ops
team released.
I can build on that with Hayes,
keep the temperature down,
the diplomatic pressure up,
try to stall,
but I need your help.
You start talking
about Carrie Mathison
and Russian agents
and vanished flight recorders,
and any credibility
you have left here is gone.
I know.
So we agree.
You keep your distance.
I was there
when the Russians released her.
She didn't know me.
She'd lost her mind.
Then I sent her to
Kabul even...
[chuckles]
I knew she wasn't ready...
but I needed her to do a job.
Whatever shit she's
in is because of me.
I am not
turning my back on her.
[sighing]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[indistinct chatter]
[engine starts]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[man] Like 30 minutes.
[Morrell] Jenna Bragg?
Joss Morell.
HQ said you were coming.
Any news?
Convoy's on schedule,
about ten minutes out.
Plan is they stop just over
that border, walk across.
We load them up and take them
back to the Chinook.
Home and hosed.
It's a long way
for you to come.
Boyfriend one of them?
No. Is yours?
[chuckles]
[engine stops]
[sighs]
[speaking Pashto]
I'm going to die.
It's something I've been
ready for all my life,
but it is hard...
not to see you one last time...
and hold you and our sons.
Forgive me for that.
[vehicle approaching]
Keep this as a memory
of the love I have for you.
And keep it to remind
Jalal Haqqani of his oath
to protect you and our family,
and of God's vengeance,
if he breaks his word.
I love you.
Kiss our sons for me.
[door closes]
[in English]
Are these really necessary?
[indistinct shouting]
Almost home, boys.
-Yes.
[Morrell] That's them.
We're gonna saddle up.
[man] Clear the route.
[engine shutting off]
[indistinct shouting]
[chattering indistinctly]
[engine starts]
[gas hissing]
[engine revving]
[tires screeching]
-[tires screeching]
-[engine revving]
[clamoring]
-Come on, let's move!
-[man] Take it out!
Get down!
Down!
[grunting]
-Hey!
-Move!
[soldier] Let me outta here!
Move the fucking bus!
[tires screeching]
Move the bus! Move the--
God, move the fucking bus!
[screaming]
[boy] Papa!
[rumbling]